SARP HAVACILIK LOGİSTİK TURİZM SANAYİ ve TİCARET A.Ş.
INFORMATION ABOUT THE PERSONAL DATA PROTECTION LAW
SARP HAVACILIK LOGİSTİK TURİZM SANAYİ ve TİCARET A.Ş. As we, we attach importance to your security and in this context, we would like to inform you about the "Personal Data Protection Law", which is designed to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, especially the privacy of private life, and to protect personal data.
To inform :

Personal Data Protection Law No. 6698 (“Law”) was accepted and entered into force on 24 March 2016. Law; It was adopted in order to protect the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals, especially the privacy of private life, in the processing of personal data and to regulate the obligations of real and legal persons processing personal data and the procedures and principles to be followed. For this reason, this document is also written by SARP HAVACILIK LOJİSTİK TURİZM SANAYİ ve TİCARET A.Ş. on behalf of you, in order to fulfill your obligation to inform arising from Article 10 of the Law and "Personal Data Protection and Personal Data Sharing permission"; It is presented for information and review of users/visitors. With full understanding of this responsibility, we process your personal data as "Data Controller" as defined in the KVK Law, as explained below and within the limits prescribed by the legislation. SARP HAVACILIK LOGİSTİK TURİZM SANAYİ ve TİCARET A.Ş. As Data Controller, we will receive, use and process your personal data in accordance with the relevant legislation in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Law.
Although your personal data may vary depending on the service provided by our Company and our Company's commercial activities; It can be collected verbally, in writing or electronically, by automatic or non-automatic methods, through our Company's units and offices, Group Companies, website, social media channels, mobile applications and similar means. Your personal data may be processed by creating and updating as long as you benefit from the products and services offered by our Company and our Group Companies.

Additionally, your personal data may be processed when you use our call centers or our website to use the services of our Company or Group Companies, when you visit our Company or our website, or when you participate in training, seminars or organizations organized by our Company.

Your collected personal data is carried out by our business units to make you benefit from the products and services offered by our Company and our Group Companies, the products and services offered by our Company and our Group Companies are customized and recommended to you according to your tastes, usage habits and needs, our Company, our Group Companies and our Company ensuring the legal and commercial security of people in business relations (administrative operations for communication carried out by our Company, ensuring the physical security and control of the Company's locations, Group Companies customer evaluation / complaint management processes, reputation research processes, event management, legal compliance process, audit, financial affairs, etc.) will be processed within the personal data processing conditions and purposes specified in Articles 5 and 6 of the KVK Law, for the purposes of determining and implementing our Company's commercial and business strategies and ensuring the execution of our Company's human resources policies.
Your collected personal data; Our business units carry out the necessary work to benefit you from the products and services offered by our Company and our Group Companies, and recommend the products and services offered by our Company and our Group Companies by customizing them according to your tastes, usage habits and needs, ensuring the legal and commercial security of people (administrative operations for communication carried out by our Company, ensuring the physical security and control of the Company's locations, business partner/customer/supplier (officials or employees) evaluation processes, reputation research processes, legal compliance process, audit, financial affairs etc.), to our business partners, suppliers, Group Companies, Company officials, shareholders, legally authorized public institutions and private persons, for the purposes of determining and implementing our Company's commercial and business strategies and ensuring the execution of our Company's human resources policies, as per Articles 8 and 9 of the KVK Law. It may be transferred within the framework of the specified personal data processing conditions and purposes.
Your personal data is obtained in all kinds of verbal, written or electronic media, in order to be able to offer the products and services we offer by the Company within the determined legal framework, in line with the purposes stated above, and in this context, to ensure that our Company can fully and accurately fulfill its contractual and legal responsibilities. As a rule, it is not possible to process personal data without the explicit consent of the relevant person, "provided that it is directly related to the establishment or execution of a contract, the processing of personal data belonging to the parties to the contract is necessary", "Data processing is mandatory for the establishment, exercise or protection of a right" ", "It is mandatory for the data controller to fulfill its legal obligations", "It has been made public by the data subject himself", "It is mandatory to process data for the legitimate interests of the data controller, provided that it does not harm the fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject" and/or "It is clearly stated in the law." In case of any of the "forecast" situations, it may be possible to process personal data without the explicit consent of the relevant person.
Your personal and/or sensitive personal data, with your consent, through our website, our sales and marketing department employees, forms collected during customer visits, digital marketing and call center/website/social media/organizers/business partners and all kinds of channels, including but not limited to It can be collected verbally, in writing or electronically. Additionally, your personal data may be collected verbally, in writing or electronically through channels such as Head Office, social media and call center.

In accordance with the provisions of the Law, “Your personal data processed before the publication date of this Law will be brought into compliance with the provisions of this Law within two years from the date of publication. On the other hand, consents lawfully obtained before the date of publication of the Law are deemed to be in accordance with this Law, unless a contrary declaration of intent is made within one year.” We would like to point out that, since all relevant parties are deemed to have accepted the Terms of Use and the provisions of the Privacy Policy and there are detailed regulations in our Privacy Policy regarding the collection and processing of your personal and/or special personal data, we You have "lawful consent" given to us regarding your qualified personal data. Pursuant to the law, your consents are deemed to be in accordance with this Law, unless a contrary declaration of intent is made within one year.
Your rights pursuant to Article 11 of the Law; By applying to our company, your personal data; a) to learn whether it has been processed or not, b) to request information if it has been processed, c) to learn the purpose of processing and whether it is used in accordance with its purpose, d) to know the third parties to whom it has been transferred domestically / abroad, d) to request correction if it has been processed incompletely / incorrectly, e) to KVKK. To request deletion/destruction within the framework of the conditions stipulated in Article 7, f) to request that the third parties to whom it has been transferred be notified of the transactions made in accordance with clauses (d) and e) above, g) to object to the emergence of a result against you due to being analyzed exclusively by automatic systems. , g) If you suffer damage due to illegal processing, you have the right to demand compensation for the damage. Your rights within this scope came into force as of 07.10.2016. The contact information of our Company, which is the data controller that will process your personal data, is provided below for your information regarding all your communications, complaints and application rights, and you can follow the updates and changes to be made in the legislation in this regard on our website.

Address: Organize San. Plenty. Şehitler Boulevard 15.Cadde No:23 ESKİŞEHİR
Website: https://www.sarplojistik.com/
Phone: 0222 236 22 55

KEP addresses of our data controller Company:

e-mail: sarplojistikkvkk@hs03.kep.tr
In order for us to respond to your applications, you must provide your identity and contact information completely and clearly in your applications, and you must also have applied to our company in one of the following ways:

Application by hand and in person, with your identity confirmed, to our address stated above,
Notification through notary,
Application by registered mail,
Application in writing to the e-mail addresses stated above and using a secure electronic signature.
We will forward it to the information of all relevant parties and the public.
regards
SARP HAVACILIK LOGİSTİK TURİZM SANAYİ ve TİCARET A.Ş.
